---
title: "Starting with 5miles'  data migration onto its e-commerce blockchain, CyberMiles aims to replace Silk Road with a DAO"
date: 2019-05-10T15:01:23+08:00
draft: false
tags: ["rules engine","business"]
categories: ["en"]
---

Starting with 5miles' data migration onto its e-commerce blockchain, CyberMiles aims to replace Silk Road with a DAO

E-commerce site, 5miles, uses CyberMiles's blockchain technology to migrate its data onto the public blockchain, bringing a new itineration of blockchain-empowered e-commerce. 

E-commerce, empowered by blockchain, is an increasingly hot concept. "Shop to earn crypto" has been one tactic used to attract buyers to newer, less-well-known shopping websites. Blockchain technology that can be used to trace product origins and in cross-border payments are two other use cases. Given these, the public now is growing more familiar with the extraordinary potential of blockchain.

Dr. Lucas Lu, founder of CyberMiles, a public blockchain for e-commerce, maintains that the integration of blockchain into e-commerce will occur in three stages.

First, cryptocurrency enables a decentralized incentive mechanism, encouraging users to take ownership and participate in the development of the marketplace. Take the shop-to-earn-crypto tactic because of the expensive users acquisition: all user actions such as browsing, clicking "like", writing reviews, etc. can earn the user certain amounts of points (or tokens). Blockchain technology makes this token incentivization transparent, preventing random points inflation and unfair play. At the same time, blockchain tokens can be applied across platforms.

Second, using cryptocurrency for payments is a widely-recognized use case. JP Morgan, for example, recently announced that it will use cryptocurrency for instant settlement between institutional customers, thereby addressing systemic issues such as foreign exchange controls that, in turn, can improve efficiency and increase cost-savings. CyberMiles has partnered with cross-border e-commerce companies, Blocktonic and LightInTheBox (NYSE:LITB), both accepting CyberMiles Token (CMT) payments.

Third, decentralizing e-commerce organizations is the most complex, exciting and truly in line with the spirit of blockchain technology. Anyone can buy and sell things freely, while users have privacy protections and not only can control but also monetize their own data. There are no “middlemen” or undue fees within the marketplace, thus lowering the prices of products today.

While the technical performance, security, and scalability requirements of the underlying public blockchain are higher, so are the unprecedented demands of the design of the entire public blockchain economic system.

As a public blockchain optimized for e-commerce, CyberMiles' goal is address these challenges head-on and realize a truly decentralized e-commerce ecosystem.

The Horror Show—and Glory Days—of Silk Road, Open Bazaar

Building decentralized e-commerce organizations that subvert the existing system has been a long-held dream of the blockchain community—the earliest and, to date, only application of Bitcoin. Before CyberMiles, the (in)famous Silk Road, as well as Open Bazaar and other crypto projects have blazed some trails.

The encryption and decentralization of Bitcoin, in fact, inspired the founder of Silk Road, a notorious, now-defunct black market. Buyers and sellers on Silk Road were able to connect with each other covertly, trading drugs, illegal arms, and other manner of criminal commerce while largely evading law enforcement. You could say that Silk Road was designed and optimized for black market buyers and sellers, as users could not access it with traditional online search engines but rather via special software. It was a completely underground website.

Just as its now-jailed founder sold his own psychedelic mushrooms, goods traded on the Silk Road became ever more brazen, with illicit drugs, guns and ammunition, child pornography, and even assassins-for-hire became more and more accessible. By charging a fee for these listings, Silk Road earned $1.2 billion in two years alone.

The rise of such an devious, underground marketplace naturally became a target of law enforcement worldwide. In 2013, the Silk Road’s founder was arrested and, subsequently, its influence began to diminish. Its legacy continues to live on, however.

Enter Open Bazaar, a more recent iteration of decentralized e-commerce. The peer-to-peer, direct-trade model renders middlemen obsolete. Initially, Open Bazaar only allowed Bitcoin payments and, compared to Silk Road, was far less sketchy. Internet users could search any product on Open Bazaar via a simple search engine provided by its partner, Bazaar Bay.

But Open Bazaar's peer-to-peer transactions are not based actually on blockchain technology at all, as users need to install its node software first. The user experience is iffy, and it can be difficult for buyers and sellers to complete a deal. This is one of the primary hinderances to further development—and mainstream adoption—of it.

 
A recent review of Open Bazaar


A Better Solution for E-Commerce Has Arrived

Since 2017-18, blockchain technology has become more of a household name. Meanwhile, investment in research and development of blockchain technology marches on, despite a dip in cryptocurrency prices. Bear market or no, blockchain technology continues to develop rapidly, and, with a global market size of $1+ trillion, e-commerce is naturally among the many industries that have explored (and promoted) the use of this technology

CyberMiles, as the public blockchain for e-commerce, already has carried out successful payment gateways, information flow exploration and application, as well as technical optimization at an infrastructure level (namely compatibility with Ethereum). The performance of the CyberMiles virtual machine, moreover, has improved as substantially as blockchain security has been optimized.

With 5miles’ data migration onto the blockchain, CyberMiles hopes to achieve a practical means of peer-to-peer transactions based on blockchain technology, thereby creating a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO).

How does this work? Simply put, any seller can list products on the CyberMiles public blockchain through standard smart contract templates. Any buyer can search all listed products on the CyberMiles public blockchain via the Internet, using cryptocurrency to pay sellers directly, purchasing goods, and thus fostering decentralized trading. Even transaction disputes can be decided by a built-in mediator DApp.

With real-time payments, no fees, decentralized arbitration and more, the blockchain is particularly well-suited for peer-to-peer marketplace activities. But how is this different from Silk Road? In our case, products sold are done so openly and transparently, and can be searched by anyone through search engines, which is exactly the opposite of the dark web.

What CyberMiles wants to do is to "shine a light into the darkness" through a DAO. Organizationally, a DAO's self-governed community is key as rules are pre-determined by blockchain-based smart contracts. Community members ensure self-governance, with everyone playing a part in maintaining the marketplace.

In the event that a buyer feels a particular product is not appropriate and should be removed, he or she can report the listing in question. To this end, CyberMiles is introducing a decentralized application (DApp) for arbitration, selecting a committee of users as arbiters via random numbers generated by the blockchain. These users will evaluate and determine whether a product should or should not be available on the marketplace, and therefore unapproved items will be removed. (The same principle applies to trading disputes that may arise.)

Will the peer-to-peer trading platform envisioned by CyberMiles be the counterpoint solution to the dark web? That is up to the community members to decide. However, Dr. Lucas Lu, the founder of CyberMiles, feels optimistic. "We apply community autonomy and, I believe, most users are rational and objective."

From the (thankfully) bygone days of Silk Road, Open Bazaar, to the public blockchain designed for e-commerce, and the community-owned blockchain DAO, blockchain technology may not replace centralized e-commerce like Alibaba or Amazon immediately. But, given that the market for centralized peer-to-peer transactions is itself a $100 billion one, it promises one of the best application scenarios for blockchain technology.

During this ongoing transformation, we hope that our peer-to-peer trading platform based on blockchain, instead of devolving into a dark web, will become a bright light for a more democratic, decentralized future.

This technology can—and will—change the world for the better.

References: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/OpenBazaar.org

https://coiniq.com/OpenBazaar-decentralized-marketplace/

https://www.theverge.com/2013/10/2/4794780/fbi-seizes-underground-drug-market-silk-road-owner-indicted-in-new
